while howdy there internet people its
Bella gallon before we get into this I
want to be very clear that I have not
run into this problem I haven't heard a
whisper of this where I am is it hasn't
even crossed people's minds however it
has been brought to my attention that in
large metropolitan areas some of the
hospitals there are refusing to allow
their staff to bring in the equipment
they need to protect themselves the
stuff that was donated stuff they were
able to scrounge on there they're
providing three reasons for this
decision we're going to go through those
three reasons right now and then we're
going to get to the real reasons the
reasons they're providing is that one
will not everybody would get it if it
was brought in and small amounts like
that you're right
you're right but see you are in charge
of a hospital this isn't a classroom in
a grade school not everybody's going to
get a piece of bubblegum I understand
that many administrators at these large
hospitals and major areas they've never
seen a patient but there's a concept
called triage maybe you've heard about
it maybe he was in a memo or something
the most immediate need would get it
first so those actually dealing with the
high-risk patients those who that's who
should get it and I assure you that if
you left it up to your staff that's who
would get it the second is that it's
counterfeit it could be counterfeit yeah
that's a real risk having been out here
gathering up supplies I can tell you
yeah that's a thing it's a real risk
however I would point out even going by
the CDC guidelines that you're using and
citing cotton is more effective than
nothing so even if it is counterfeit
it's better than what you're giving them
and I would assume that your nurses and
your Doc's
could tell the difference
in most cases I would imagine they would
be able to spot it they're not actually
good counterfeits the third is that it's
unauthorized equipment yeah that doesn't
even make sense because the institution
is who authorizes it it's unauthorized
only because you refuse to authorize it
you refuse to allow your staff to
protect themselves these large hospitals
with these massive streams of Revenue
understand you failed everybody knew
this was a possibility this isn't a
surprise we all knew this could happen
you failed delay on the supplies
necessary now smaller hospitals that
don't have that kind of budget yeah they
didn't have a choice but I've noticed
that the hospitals that are refusing to
allow their staff to protect themselves
well those are the big hospitals that
have the budgets because that's what
they're concerned about the bottom line
that's why you don't have the equipment
that's why you didn't lay it on that's
why you didn't have your own stockpile
and right now you're more concerned
about PR that's the reason because you
don't want your nurses to look
mismatched you don't want your Docs and
nurses to be doing a GoFundMe to get the
equipment you have an obligation to
provide and fail to you can look at the
state you can look at the feds all you
want but you have money to and you chose
to spend that money on bonuses for the
administrative staff on corporate
retreats on stuff like that rather than
getting the supplies that would save
your staff's life in this situation now
those of us who are out here trying to
scrounge up supplies to protect your
staff because apparently you don't care
right now we're busy but I can assure
you when this is over hospitals
denied their staff the opportunity to
protect themselves we will be contacting
every single one of your private donors
and making sure they understand how
little you care about your staff we will
be going out of our way to choke off
funding until those people responsible
for this decision are no longer employed
they're saving lives if they can get the
equipment and I don't care how they get
it if they can get it let them use it
anyway it's just a thought y'all uh
y'all have a good day